Fix dropdown menu new issue , etc (#1292)
plone/documentation: README.md

- [Issue Tracker](https://github.com/plone/documentation/issues)
- [Source Code](https://github.com/plone/documentation/tree/6-dev)

> ### Contributing to Volto documentation, plone.api and plone.restapi documentation

Reviewer: Align names with what appears in rendered documentation.

```suggestion
### Contributing to frontend (Volto), `plone.api`, and `plone.restapi` documentation
```

> The main part of the Plone documentation resides in this repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Plone documentation consists of this repository, `plone/documentation`, and it includes external packages' documentation through git submodules.
```

> So you are contributing here. But we also include documentation of some Plone core packages: Volto, plone.api and plone.restapi.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Those packages include:

- [`volto`](https://github.com/plone/volto)
- [`plone.api`](https://github.com/plone/plone.api)
- [`plone.restapi`(https://github.com/plone/plone.restapi)
```

> If you want to contribute to them, you are welcome to do so, then please open pull requests in their repository.

Reviewer: This should be inclusive of all four repos.

```suggestion
To contribute documentation, please open a pull request in the appropriate repository.
```

> Here is the explanation on how to contribute to the documentation of the mentioned packages: [Editing external package documentation](https://6.dev-docs.plone.org/contributing/index.html#contributing-editing-external-package-documentation-label)

Reviewer: This is more concise.

```suggestion
For details, see [Editing external package documentation](https://6.dev-docs.plone.org/contributing/index.html#contributing-editing-external-package-documentation-label).
```
